Feat/docs 5415 SCIM for Enterprise Groups (#1021)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/customize/actions/explore-triggers/signup-and-login-triggers/login-trigger/post-login-api-object.mdx

  </Expandable>
</ResponseField>

## `api.groups`

Read Enterprise Groups synced from an Enterprise connection that the user is a member of. Requires Inbound SCIM or Google Workspace directory sync to be enabled for the connection.

### `api.groups.getUserGroups(options)`

> Returns a paginated list of Enterprise Groups the current user belongs to. To add group data to tokens, see [`api.idToken.setCustomClaim`](https://auth0.com/docs/customize/actions/flows-and-triggers/login-flow/api-object#api-idtoken-setcustomclaim) and [`api.accessToken.setCustomClaim`](https://auth0.com/docs/customize/actions/flows-and-triggers/login-flow/api-object#api-accesstoken-setcustomclaim).

Reviewer: This link is broken, i think because it's missing `-key-value` suffix? if that's what you intended. Also omit the auth0.com/ prefix

Author: Actually, we can't update these articles anyway. These are auto-generated now. I'll remove these changes, thanks!

  console.log("First 10 group memberships (names only):", groups2);

  // Get next 10 group names using pagination cursor
  const get_groups3 = await api.groups.getUserGroups({ from: get_groups2.next, take: 10 });
  const groups3 = get_groups3.groups.map(group => group.name);
  console.log("Next 10 group memberships (names only):", groups3);
```

### `api.groups.hasGroupMembership(groups)`

Checks whether the current user belongs to any of the specified Enterprise Groups, and returns details about matching groups.

<ResponseField name="groups" type="array">
 An array of group identifiers (IDs or names) to check membership against. 
</ResponseField>

```js Check group memberships
  // Check if user is a member of the "Admins" group
  const check_groups = await api.groups.hasGroupMembership(["Admins"]);

  const is_admin = check_groups.memberships["Admins"]
    && check_groups.memberships["Admins"].is_member;
  console.log("Is member of Admins group?", is_admin);

  const matched_groups = check_groups.memberships["Admins"]
    && check_groups.memberships["Admins"].matches;
  console.log("Details of matched groups:", matched_groups);
```

> Use the result to allow or deny application access with [`api.access.deny`](https://auth0.com/docs/customize/actions/flows-and-triggers/login-flow/api-object#api-access-deny). You can also use the Actions **Real-time logs** view in Auth0 to view console output when testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the result to allow or deny application access with [`api.access.deny`](/docs/customize/actions/explore-triggers/signup-and-login-triggers/login-trigger/post-login-api-object#api-access-deny-reason). You can also use the Actions **Real-time logs** view in Auth0 to view console output when testing.
```
